Create ui-c8y-1020-40-0-avoid-unnecessary-unavailability-alarms-for-lw-m-2-m-device-graft.md (#2550)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lwm2m-bundle/registering-lwm2m-devices.md

<td style="text-align: left">Automatic setting of required interval</td>
<td style="text-align: left">autoManageAvailabilityRequiredInterval</td>
<td style="text-align: left">Boolean</td>

> <td style="text-align: left">This setting is configurable so that unavailability alarms will only be triggered when an LWM2M device is truly unavailable, reducing the number of false alarms. When true (default), the LWM2M agent automatically sets the interval to registration lifetime plus 2 minutes. If disabled, the user can define a required interval for the device on the **Info** tab in the device details. If set to default, the default behavior of the LWM2M service will be used.</td>

Reviewer: There is no "default" or "disabled" value here. It's Boolean type. "If disabled" -> "When false". "If set to default" -> "If value is not provided ("null")".
"If disabled, the user can define a required interval for the device on the **Info** tab in the device details." this is incomplete for this section. There is also  "Availability required interval value" here that can be used in this case.

Reviewer 2: Changed.

> <td style="text-align: left">This setting is configurable so that unavailability alarms will only be triggered when an LWM2M device is truly unavailable, reducing the number of false alarms. When true (default), the LWM2M agent automatically sets the interval to registration lifetime plus 2 minutes. When false, the user can define a required interval for the device on the **Info** tab in the device details. If value is not provided ("null"), the default behavior of the LWM2M service will be used.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<td style="text-align: left">This setting is configurable so that unavailability alarms will only be triggered when an LWM2M device is truly unavailable, reducing the number of false alarms. When true (default), the LWM2M service automatically sets the interval to registration lifetime plus 2 minutes. When false, the user can define a required interval using Availability required interval value "availabilityRequiredInterval" property during device registration or on the "Info" tab in the device details after device creation. If value is not provided ("null"), the default behavior of the LWM2M service will be used.</td>
```
